Hey, good morning, family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today. Well, that last video I did for you all was a wow.
I mean, to me, when you're seeing over in the spirit realm—if you hear any noise in the background, it's her making noises, so I want you all to know it's her humming.
There's nothing going on with the car ahead of time, so you all know.
She just makes stimming noises. You know, she's overcoming autism, so she makes stimming noises.
And I'm here waiting for my wife; Diana's getting her hair done.
And so I said, 'Let's make a video while mama's getting her hair done.'So we're going to go over some things today because we were looking at the analytics of the video, and Braden said, 'Daddy, they didn't make it to the part of what the Lord was trying to tell them.
So I have to go over this with you.'And the ones that did listen are kind of confused about some things.
So I never want any confusion about a prophetic word of warning, what the Lord is warning us about.
And I'll stem it off of what the word of God says, that as the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
And it talks about how there were giants on the land. The angels slept with the women and created giants, right?
So we have the Nephilim. The Nephilim. I hope I don't butcher that again. The Nephilim.
So, what I saw happening in labs in certain cities, I saw—it was the creepiest thing I've ever seen.
They were trying to create superhumans. They were taking DNA from an animal using AI. How does a tortoise, a turtle live so long?
And they were doing this because some of them are two or three hundred years old, right?
You know, so they were taking the tortoise DNA, who lives like two to three hundred years, I believe, right?
So they were taking that DNA and they were trying to take it with AI and splice it with human DNA, trying to create organs that would have longevity—longevity of hearts, longevity with DNA splicing, trying to outsmart God.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'I fearfully and wonderfully made you in my image.'And they're trying to do exactly what they did in the old days with Noah.
Satan was trying to destroy the bloodline of a pure human by creating monsters.
And the Lord showed me, he said, 'As in the days of Noah, Brandon, look what they're going to do again.'They're trying to recreate the human the way we are, right?
By being blasphemous. It's like the Lord said, we are made in his image. We're perfect. We're perfect in his sight.
And when man tries to add to or take away from any of the DNA of making a human a human, it takes away from who we are with God, saying, 'Well, you know, we're crossbreeds.
We're not full humans,'by taking things and adding to and taking away from anything.
So, I hope this is making sense. I try to talk—this is just the level of my thinking, y'all.
And when I'm looking into the vision, this is what the Lord shows me.
He says to me, 'Brandon, they're playing around with fire. They're playing around with things that they don't know.
These people are evil; they have a reprobate mind.'And I saw them adding to the DNA, trying to make people super strong by adding gorilla things, like from big gorillas.
They were very strong animals, trying to make men super strong like Arnold Schwarzenegger—like super soldiers—and making them very strong.
And people say, and Braden told me because I don't keep the comment section on my phone anymore, he said, 'Daddy, they say that they've already had this for five or six years now.'Folks, I don't know anything about all that stuff.
I'm not into conspiracy theories. I'm telling you what I got strictly from the voice of the Father, warning about this.
And they say, 'Well, Alex Jones talks about this, Joe Rogan, all these other people.'Listen, this is what the Spirit of the Lord said: 'I don't know about these men.
I'm trying to tell you what I saw in labs. If that's what they're telling you, then they're right.
This is what I saw.'And it was a race from China and other countries, which the Lord said do not mention the other country. There was a race trying to perfect it, to see who had...
It was like a new industrial revolution with crypto, trying to create a new superhuman being, a species of human being of genetically altered bodies, trying to get the flaws out, in other words, right?
And then I saw babies in labs in embryonic fluid, bubbling with a light behind it. It looked like a hot light keeping this baby warm.
It looked like something in a sci-fi movie that was being created and not a fully formed baby, but a baby that was actually being created.
And you could see it wasn't fully developed yet. And I could see the nose and the head and how it all separates from the egg and the sperm, and how it is all created.
Life without a mother. And I saw they were doing it. It was successful.
It was alive in this cylinder tube, and it was in the middle of the cylinder tube, suspended in this embryonic fluid stuff, with real-life bubbles that were moving around this human life that looked like a real human.
It was created, and I could see the fluids, and the embryonic fluid looked like a yellow-tinted color.
It looked almost like a shade of urine, I don't know. Like that's what I'm saying, it looked like that.
It looked thick, like jelly. And I saw it all in there; it was moving, and the baby was suspended in this tube, being grown in a lab.
And I could actually see in it like an umbilical cord, some kind of cord attached to this fetus, to this baby. It was creepy.
But when I was looking to my left in the vision, I saw six-foot-tall, human-looking things that were not all human.
They were spliced together, looking like a part-animal, part-human thing that had no soul in their eyes.
Their eyes were completely blacked out, unlike how we have a white area around our iris and everything.
They had nothing. It was black, and the Lord told me, 'They don't have a soul.
These do not have a spirit or a soul. This is possessed by a demonic spirit.
This is not created by God; it is possessed by a demonic spirit.
What you're seeing is animal-human; they're splicing it.'And I saw they were trying to harvest organs, creating these things because if you could get a super heart that was made perfect in the future...
I don't know when this happens. I don't know if it's happening right now, or if this is something that's coming in the future, or if they're going to try to do this, but this is what they're going to try to do is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
I saw they wanted to harvest their organs—their livers, their kidneys, whatever they had—because they had no soul.
They looked like monsters. This is what I'm seeing in the spirit.
But the Lord said to me, 'They will create in the days ahead a cross, trying to bring back prehistoric animals.'And he said, 'It will become a place where you go to a zoo to see them.
You'll be able to see a woolly mammoth and a saber-tooth tiger.'And I saw them trying to find DNA, like Jurassic Park, which is nuts, to create ancient dinosaurs, lizards.
So, you know, whenever I told you all when I went and I had the open-eyed vision, I saw Adam talking to this massive dinosaur in the Garden of Eden, I saw all that, and the Lord showed me this.
It looked like a long-neck dinosaur; it was really like a brachiosaurus. It was huge-looking.
And I was watching him talk to it, and the dinosaur was listening and obeying him as he was in the Garden of Eden, eating from the trees and eating grass.
I was watching all of this in the vision before, when I went on the timeline of the Lord, when the Lord spoke to me and said, 'Brandon, you don't know where you are in time.'All this has come before you.
If you go back to that vision, he showed me everything of how it has all panned out over the last decades and centuries, and how it has all come about.
And he told me, 'Brandon, you're at the last of the last. You're at the sliver of this.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end, and you're about to step over into tribulation.'What I saw was a very dark time frame.
And then the Lord showed me the hadron collider, CERN. I saw CERNs trying to be built all around the world.
People were trying to copy what's happening in Switzerland, where I believe it is.
They were doing a massive one in China, and I saw one in America; I saw them trying to be built.
But when they do this, there is actually something that happens.
I saw what was like a black portal that was created, and it was like Stargate. It was really thin, probably like that.
You probably can't see depth on this camera, but I would say it looked like a black circle, about three or four feet, that you could reach through into another dimension.
I don't know how to tell you all this, but you could see the black line like a donut around it, and through it, it was alive.
This black particle—I don't know what this was, but it looked like some kind of demonic portal that they had created with the hadron collider.
And they were getting information from that black portal, and it was very dark and demonic because it was like a black hole.
You could stick your hand in it, and you could go to the other side; it was an open portal.
And like I said, I don't understand all of it, but I'm telling you what I saw in this. And the Lord showed me them playing around with dark stuff.
I saw them creating super stuff and human beings, and just very demonic activity with AI technology and this new industrial revolution.
And it was a race like the space race. Everybody wanted to get to the moon first. This was an AI race. Who is going to harness AI?
Who is going to be the first to create the best out of human cloning and doing all these things?
Who is going to make the first superhuman? This is stuff that should be illegal, from what I was seeing.
It was very dark, with people trying to be the best at splicing and making a better human.
Then I saw underground cities in China and I saw bunkers, and the Lord told me, 'Brandon, they know what's coming.'These underground bunkers were for the elite—rich people had them.
I saw these lights and I saw levels of different cities that had these underground bunkers, and Mark Zuckerberg was one of them in the vision.
And I could see that he had an underground house, these underground places to go live because they knew how bad things were about to get. They were preparing, and they called it the Ark.
Some of these places were called the Ark, and they had an ark place to stay because they didn't want to tell the public what was truly coming—what they see in outer space, what they see coming on the Earth.
They know something is coming, and they're preparing for it and are scared about what is coming.
But they have their own sick agenda of being the elite: 'Well, you all may die, but we're not because we're rich, right?'And so, I saw a different way of thinking, where they believed they were going to out-survive all that is coming upon the Earth with this tribulation and all the things that are coming.
So, I'm just going over some of the things the Lord showed me in the last one. And I'm telling you all, it was dark; it bothered me.
The babies in those tube things and all the things that I was being shown—it shook me a little bit, the level of darkness that I saw in human beings trying to create.
The Lord showed me it was like the Tower of Babel, that as AI came and was really being developed, there was nothing that humans couldn't achieve with technology.
The veil that has blocked things in the past is being lifted through technological advancements, and the darkness is becoming more real than we've ever seen it before.
You will see darkness like we've never seen, gross darkness.
And I'm telling you, when you start hearing about these animals going into zoos in the near future and they say, 'Hey, we got a woolly mammoth. We got, you know...'there's darker things afoot.
I'm warning you by the spirit of God that there's darker things, and they may never reveal this darkness about these hybrids and this stuff to the public.
I don't know. I just saw that they were trying to find the fountain of youth. 'How do we live longer?
How did Noah live so long?'I was hearing them say, 'In Bible times, how did these men and women live so long—a thousand years, like Methuselah or whatever?'They were trying to figure out how to recreate what they had in Bible times of making people live so long because they know that our bodies are made to live and not die.
God never designed us for death. That was after the fall of man.
Adam would have lived forever. But the problem is, after he fell, everything got messed up.
And they're trying to figure out how to keep the body going for a long time for these elites.
They want to live like the fountain of youth; they're trying to become immortal.
And that's what the Lord was showing me—they were trying to do it through AI technology.
'How do we splice it? How do we inject this, like the fountain of...
if we drink this, will it make us better? Will it make us stronger?
Will it make us live longer?'And they were trying to do that through AI.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, there's a time to sow and there's a time to reap. There's a time to live and there's a time to die.
There's no man that's ever going to live forever on this earth right now.'And as they try to create what they're doing, they're trying to bypass seedtime and harvest.
They're trying to bypass it. There is a time to live, and there is a time to die.
I saw them taking genetics from a starfish and worms, trying to figure out how to splice that and make arms grow back, body parts grow—because if a starfish can do that, how can you splice that with human DNA and make them do that?
It was very weird stuff that I was seeing. And then I was seeing them trying to create a superfood that was cheap, out of something like a soybean that was full of protein, but the Lord told me this has no nutrition in it at all.
It's genetically modified crap that they're going to try to give people. It was like a little nut-looking thing.
I don't know what it was, but it looked like a nut—it truly did—a genetically modified-looking nut.
They called it a superfood, trying to keep you alive by eating this, but there is no nutritional value in it.
It's man-made. Anything man-made is not going to be good for you.
I mean seriously, if it's not vegetables or whatever—I mean seriously, this is like something that's in a lab.
They were trying to create it and it was gross, but they were adding things to it and trying to do things to it, and they do that already right now with our food.
But this looked like a little nut, and it was about the size of a pecan.
When you see stuff like that, and you see the corruption of man's mind and what they're trying to do, it just throws you.
You go, 'Wow, how much darker can people really get?'You know, there is a level that you think you won't cross with people.
'Are you all really going to go there, trying to create things like that?'Well, there is no moral balance.
There's no moral compass. Everything goes. We have the ability to create.
We have the ability to do this, so we can play God. We can make the human body better.
We think better than Him. That's the arrogance that I was seeing.
God's design wasn't perfect, but we can make it perfect. But it changed the structure of what human really was.
Blasphemous about what? Because He is perfect. He's God. We're made in His image.
But they thought we can take this with a dog or whatever, and we'll make life better because what He did wasn't good enough, right?
And that's why I thought, "Wow, this is what they did with the Nephilim."And the Bible is so clear.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns. And it was just like that in Noah's time.
He was looking at the giants walking on the earth and looking around, and it was like Sodom and Gomorrah on another level.
Everybody was like, "What is happening in here?"God had to wipe out a whole generation, all those people, because of how corrupt the bloodline was.
I don't know if Noah and his sons were the only ones that weren't corrupt, but I'm going to tell you, these are very serious times.
Only eight got on the ark. I don't know how many people had a pure bloodline back then. I don't think it says.
So, we see the Bible coming alive again with what I believe is coming in the future, what the Lord revealed to me. More darkness, more things that we need to be praying over.
I know that there's a lot of this we can't stop because the Bible says, "As in the days of Noah,"so it's going to happen. So, when will we see this in the public eye? I don't know.
When you start seeing about woolly mammoths, saber-tooth tigers, and dinosaurs, trying to see big lizards again—well, we found the lizard DNA and we crossed it with a Komodo dragon, and seriously, that's what I'm telling you.
They have to take something to make something, and they take it and splice it together.
"Well, we had this hair and we did this,"because you can't create life out of nothing. You have to have something to create something, right?
And something that's alive, like, "Well, we can create the dodo bird again or whatever."We have to create something out of this to do this, but it has to be spliced.
So, it's not a pure form. Taking a human and making it into this is trying to be a mockery of God's creation, of what He originally intended, just like it was with the Nephilim.
I think it's interesting, I really do. Whenever I saw what I saw, He was ticked off about it, needless to say. What I was seeing, He was ticked off about.
He was not happy about what He was seeing going on in these labs, and He said, "Now do you see why I have to accelerate?
Time is being accelerated because man's knowledge is increasing to the point of great corruption, great corruption in what they're trying to achieve and what they're doing.
We're at that point of no return where technological advancements are trying to distort even the human body."And I was like, "I get it.
I can see it."He keeps talking to me. He said, "Brandon, people do not realize how truly bad the Tribulation is going to be.
It's going to be hell on Earth."And I'm telling you, as you watch this video, you may say, "Brandon, all that seems so sci-fi, so out there.
You are on some bad stuff. What are you talking about?"All I'm here to tell you is I'm seeing what's coming in the future.
I'm trying to tell you what they're planning, by what I feel like the Holy Spirit is giving me to tell you and through prayer, and I'm trying to warn you as loud as I can that we're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming, and many people are asleep, and a great shaking to awaken is coming upon this earth.
You're going to see things in the days ahead that you never dreamed you would ever see, with earthquakes and all kinds of things.
We're in the beginning of sorrows. I want you to understand this is not the Tribulation.
This is the beginning of sorrows, the last of the major birthing pains before the birthing of the Tribulation.
Watch what's about to take place in the days ahead. We must pray for our leaders.
We see Elon Musk saying, "We're going to create a new party called the American Party,"or whatever he was calling it.
So when he creates this, it will take away from the conservative votes that are ticked off and create this new party, saying, "Listen, we're not going to go with Republicans, but the Democrats are always going to be strong."So you're pulling from a pool of people.
If they all join up with him, the people that are halfway frustrated with Trump over here, and you'll have people that are kind of with the Democrats regardless because they're liberal, but you'll have this pool of people pulling from that, and they'll be like, "We're not going to vote with the Republicans."What did I tell you the Lord said about midterms?
2026 will be the year of a fix. If you do not pray, even for Oklahoma, they have a chance to be divided for the first time in a long time.
I saw a line going from Altus, Oklahoma to Miami, Oklahoma, and it was split down the middle; half was blue and half was red.
And the Lord was telling me that's going to cause... you must pray for the midterms.
You must pray for what's coming with the midterms. It was a very serious time. 2026, the Lord said they're going to try to fix it.
Well, the rat in the White House, the one that I've warned you about all along, saying that they're wanting to create a new party—the rat wants to do it, and more rats.
From what I understand, Kim Clement gave a word about a new party coming, so it fulfills that prophetic word, which is amazing that he got that, and it's even the right words: the American Party.
I thought, "Isn't that amazing how clear that prophetic word was?"But we see these things coming about, and we know the enemy is ticked off and he wants to divide us.
If he can divide us, he can conquer us, and if he can say, "Well, if we can get them to vote this way, then we can flip the House and the Senate, and we'll stop the plans—try to stop the plans of what's coming,"right?
It's all about divide and conquer. And so, we'll have to pray even harder for the midterms. We have to pray.
The Lord said, "You've got to pray for midterms, Braden, right now."If you go back to what I told you a couple of videos ago when I told you about Oklahoma and all those things, and I saw Texas with the line around it, trying to secede from the Union, saying, "Listen, we're going to have our gun laws.
We're setting it in stone. You're not taking our powerhouse.
We're doing all these things."And Texas tried to be its own little thing in the days ahead.
I saw them trying, and Oklahoma was saying, "Hey, we want to be half with you,"because Oklahoma was divided.
And I thought it was interesting, I really did, some of the things I saw trying to come.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for not a Democratic governor over your state for 2026, for Oklahoma, for they will try to disarm America.
They will try to disarm America in the days ahead."There'll be mass shootings, there'll be these things trying to take place, and they'll try to disarm it because they have to, to get the beast system to come in full swing.
It's part of the wall, they're having people with firearms and being able to stand up against what they want to do to oppress people.
You know, when you're able to defend yourself as a nation, they can't enforce the darkness that they want to because they know people have AR-15s.
So, they have to try to disarm people. That's really what I had for y'all today. I don't want to take a lot of your time.
I don't want to ramble, but I am trying to warn you, and it is just on my heart as strong as that video was.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, you must stay refreshed. People must stay refreshed.
You must keep drinking from the well. You cannot get dry in these days.
This is a time like never before that you continually be filled with the Holy Spirit, drinking from the well.'And I thought, well, how do you do that?
You find things on YouTube to watch, you pray in the spirit, you read your Bible. You keep dumping gasoline on that fire.
You keep dumping that gasoline on the fire and going to meetings, finding things like Billy Burke's meetings.
I try to find them and go, 'Where is he going to be?'or wherever, trying to find places to dip in the river, continually drinking of the Spirit in these last days.
It's very important that you do not go dry spiritually. Let me pray for you.
All right, let's pray today and get excited that we're getting so close to Jesus's return.
Now, people want to know, 'Brandon, you saw 10 years.'I don't know what that 10 years was about; I truly do not know what that 10 years is about.
Whenever I was speaking into that and the Lord said, 'Ten over the next decade,'what is this about the 10 years?
I don't know. Is that what we have right now, including the seven years of tribulation?
That's what's coming before the complete end of it all, before the thousand-year reign. Do we have a 10-year window?
Whenever I told you we have three and a half years left, He said, 'I'm giving you a window of opportunity.'Whenever He's talking to me about the 10 years, He said, 'Brandon, you have this decade of a window.'Is that the end of it all?
Because in God's eyes, is He looking at it as people still can make a choice to serve Him in the tribulation?
Can people still turn around? But when it's over, it's over at the thousand years, and there's no turning back.
That's a 10-year window. If we have three years, even if at this next Shemitah cycle—this is just me talking, I'm not trying...
no man knows the day or the hour. I know I'm going to have every Pharisee come out and start trying to bust me up about this, but this is just me talking.
Can I just be real a little bit without y'all browbeating me?
I just try to hash things out. This is what I do; I pray over things.
The Lord said, 'What are you going to do with this three years I've given you?'—three and a half years, four years back then. 'What are you going to do with this window?
I'm giving you a window for bringing in the harvest, Brandon.'And I know the Shemitah cycle starts—a new one starts in 2029, the end of it, right?
So altogether a decade is the three, whatever He's talking about, plus seven. So, seven years of tribulation plus the three.
Is He giving us a 10-year window before the end of everything, before the beginning of the thousand years?
Do we have a 10-year window? Because He said over this next decade.
In the Father's mind, I believe He still looks at the tribulation as people having an opportunity to give their heart to Jesus.
There's still an opportunity to get saved in the tribulation. But whenever that's over, it's over.
This dispensation, this time frame is over, and we step into the new millennium. We step into the thousand-year reign.
I don't believe people are going to get born again in the thousand years; there's nothing there to say or not, I don't know.
I'm sure I'll have Sister Billye—I could ask her, she knows a lot more than I do.
But in that time frame, do we have a 10-year window right now, a decade? Are we about to see the seven years of tribulation begin?
We have a three-year window for a harvest now—three and a half years, whatever it is.
Do we have a window right now? I know, folks, that we're running out of time.
He keeps talking to me and telling me, 'Brandon, we're running out of time.'And I know it might not be perfect math of three and a half years, three years, whatever; I'm saying this is what I'm hearing.
And it's not always just a precise point of time. He doesn't say, 'Well, as of today, as of this day, on the fifth day of this week.'He talks to me in blocks and blocks of time.
It's not like, 'On March the 5th of 2025, this is when it started,'it's not that detailed.
It's always blocks of time. This is a 10-year window. You know what I'm talking about; I hope you do.
I mean, I do my best, but that's the way He talks to me. And so I know in my spirit we're getting really close to something major.
We're about to see a great shaking, a waking to a major harvest of souls.
And He told me, He said, 'We're going to see the greatest revival we've ever seen before, and I want to be a part of it.'Diana's almost done, so I'm not going to be able to pray a long time with you today.
I could go home and pray, but I wanted to get you a video out really quick.
And this is already going on 30 minutes, and I know she's almost done in there, but I want to pray for you. Let's believe for your miracle today.
Let's believe for whatever you're believing for, that today there's an expiration date to your issue.
There's an expiration date to what you're believing for. Today's the day of your breakthrough.
Why not believe for today? I get tired of always, 'Well, it's tomorrow.
Well, we're going to believe God for a miracle tomorrow.'No, there's a miracle today.
Why are we always believing all the time that tomorrow is the day? I get tired. Don't you get tired of living in the future?
I want to live in the now and have my abundance now—my healing, my manifestation of what we're believing now.
Faith is the substance of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen.
We're always believing in the now. We're always believing by faith now. Why not now? Why not today?
I believe that God is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him today.
So, we're going to believe for your today. I know faith, we always grab ahold of it, folks.
But I'm telling you, Job had his time of a turnaround. His season of trial, his season of what he went through didn't last forever.
There was an expiration date to even Job's sorrows, and he had abundance come back on him. Job didn't stay there.
He just went through the valley, and everything was bad for a season, but everything turned around for him the rest of his life.
Why not have your season come back better? You may have gone through your valley of the shadow of death, but when is your season?
Job had a season and you'll have a season. It's time for your turnaround.
But you know what I'm going to tell you? Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
A thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
You are victorious because He's made you victorious. You have what it takes to get the job done.
You have it. Why? Because He lives... as He is, so are we in this world. And if He lives on the inside of us, how much more can we do?
That's why we can do greater works, because we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
He dwells. I told Him, I told the Lord, I said, 'I'm ready to see the outpouring.
I'm ready, Lord. Let's do this.''I need more of you, Brandon.
I need more separation. You need to spend more time at the well. Drink from the well.
Drink from the well, son.'So, Father, we just thank You, Lord, for every single person that's represented here today.
Father, we call them healed and whole and well. We thank You, Lord, that they're delivered by the stripes of Jesus.
Father, that they don't have to live in sickness and disease anymore.
That every area of their life, Father, that you're the healer and every area of their life, Lord, that you make them whole.
I plead the blood of Jesus over every single need they have. And I thank you, Lord, that their finances are blessed.
Every seed they sowed will produce 30, 60, and 100-fold in the name of Jesus this same year.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that it will not be a long, extended harvest time, but that it be seed, harvest, sow, harvest, that the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
We call forth abundant harvest over their finances, that whatsoever a man sows, that one we also reap.
The word of God says that whatever we put our hands to will prosper, that we'll not struggle or have lack in any way.
I thank you, Lord, that we'll have abundant harvest in everything we do every day.
I thank you, Lord, that there's an abundance of favor that follows us every single day, God. We wake up and we have favor.
Goodness and mercy are following us all the days of our life in the name of Jesus, that people see us and they want to bless us.
They go, "I don't even understand why, I just feel like doing something for you."Why?
Because the favor of God follows us all the days of our life. The blessing of the Lord follows us all the days of our life.
We walk in the favor of God. We walk in the abundance of God. We don't have to struggle and barely get by.
We have creative ideas to get wealth in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that there is no more of this poverty thinking.
We break poverty thinking and poverty out of our life. Father, we have abundance, Father, in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, for healing, wholeness, and wellness over our bodies, Father, that we stand out.
They go, "Man, you're always healthy. You never are sick. There's something about you. What's going on?"We have the glory.
But Father, when we're getting our haircuts or we're doing something, the glory of the Lord shines off our face, and the people doing our hair or whoever go, "There's just something, there's a peace that comes off of you.
I was tormented or whatever,"because it's the glory. Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are carriers of the anointing. We're carriers of the glory.
And Father, that when we carry this glory, when we carry it into the earth, Father, you said you came to set the captives free, and you do it through us, Father.
We're your beloved children. And Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are doing it, and doing it with great victory.
That we're going from glory to glory, and you're changing us. You're making us...
we're created in your image, Father, but we are being more and more like you all the time, less of this world and more like Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, for the harvest of souls, even in this neighborhood right now.
I thank you, Lord, for a major outpouring of the spirit of God beyond what we've ever seen before. I call for revival in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time, ministering to those we need to minister to.
I thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers us and we're always protected.
Father, I thank you that a thousand shall fall at our side and 10,000 at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh us.
I plead the blood of Jesus all around our car, around our house, around our car, around our finances, around everything we do, our children, Father, that we hear you, Father.
You say, "Don't go to that place."We don't go. We hear you. We follow the still, small voice on the inside of us.
But it won't be still and small; it's going to be loud because we hear you.
Because we're familiar with you, Father. We have a relationship with our Father, and He speaks loud to me.
It's not quiet to me. He's loud. God is loud to me. I hear you, Lord.
I hear you, Lord, and I'm not going to follow the devil. I hear you, Lord, and I'll not follow the tormentor.
I thank you, Father, for you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
Great days are ahead of us. Blessed days are ahead of us. Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ.
I thank you, Lord, for all that you've done for us. I thank you, Lord, for you're the greater inside of me.
Thank you, Lord, for your blood. Thank you, Lord, for your mercy.
Goodness and mercy will follow us all the days of our life, and we'll dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
Glory to God, Father. I thank you, Lord. We give you praise and glory.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you've done. Thank you, Lord, for the outpouring of the spirit of the Lord on us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that greater works we'll do. And Father, because you've come, you went to the Father and you are inside of us.
The Holy Spirit is our comforter and He's dwelling on the inside of us.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for that in the name of Jesus. Father, I thank you, Lord, that we'll cast out devils in your name.
We'll raise the dead in your name. We'll lay hands on the sick in your name.
We'll do all these things because you said we could do it. Father, I call restoration of marriages.
I thank you that marriages are getting stronger in this day and age.
We don't have strife in our marriages. We get along. Our love life is good.
We say, "Hey babe, I love you,"or, "Honey, I love you,"or whatever.
And we're not fighting, always bickering. People have peace.
The kids have peace in the home because there's unity in the home. And where there's strife, there's every evil work.
And when Jesus is ahead of the house, there's peace and there's love.
And I thank you, Lord, that the wayward husbands, the wayward wives, Father, I thank you, Lord, they're becoming radically saved in these next days ahead.
Father, there's a Holy Ghost movement coming on these households.
Father, that men will rise up like a backbone, like a crowbar and lead their family.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's no weak, limp-wristed men.
The sick go, "Well, I don't know."No, we're going to lead like Davids and do what God's called us to do and not shrink back and take the land for Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that there's boldness on these men. There's boldness to make them rulers and more than conquerors.
We're more than conquerors through Him who loved us. I thank you, Lord, that we're blessed.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they have these men that are rising up for such a time as this to do the great commission, Father, that you called us to do.
I thank you, Father, for the rivers, the wells that they're dwelling on the inside of us.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise for it. We thank you, Lord, for the wells. We thank you, Lord, for the rivers.
We thank you, Lord, for the fresh water that we have a drink every day, Father, like this beautiful rain coming again on our land.
Father, it's been the wettest summer I think I've ever seen.
Father, you've blessed us with so much rain. Thank you, Lord, for the rain.
Thank you, Lord, for the blessing of the rain. I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Father, you've been so good to us even in July. Thank you, Lord, for all that you provided, all that you've done.
You've been so good to us, Lord, and the best is yet to come. We pray over Trump.
We pray over his marriage. We pray over all the confusion going on with the Republican party.
We thank you, Lord, that there's an exposing of the darkness in this nation.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that all moles and rats are revealed.
I thank you, Lord, that there's a covering over President Trump and his decision-making in the days ahead.
And we thank you, Lord, that Congress passes all the things it needs to about crypto.
Judge Torres, Father, is releasing crypto, this certain crypto, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we have an abundant supply coming in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for the doubling and tripling in Jesus'name like we've never seen before.
Amen. Well, I just want to say thank you for joining me today.
If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
Thank you for praying with me, praying for me, and being here with us. We appreciate it.
I know this was just a little bit of a recap while I was sitting out here in the parking lot.
Diana is getting checked out right now. And we just want to say God bless you all.
Thank you for joining us. Thank you for loving on our family the way you do.
You've been so kind to us. And we thank you for continuing to come and pray. We'll do more prayer videos. We're going to do live videos.
I got invited—Kim Clement's daughter contacted us and said, "Hey, would you come on the 13th and come on our channel?"And you know, I usually don't do collabs, but I felt in my spirit to do it.
They're a blessing, and I was excited about it. I thought, "You know, I'll do it."I usually don't do that kind of stuff.
But if you want to support her live feed coming on next Sunday, this coming on the 13th, I believe it is, we're going to be doing a video over there and I'm going to be talking to Donne.
I thought that's kind of cool. So, God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.